1.9 release docs (#329)
kubefirst/kubefirst: docs/kubefirst/github/github-repositories.md

# GitHub Repositories

> When you install the GitHub version of Kubefirst a couple of new repositories will be added to your GitHub organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you install the GitHub version of Kubefirst, a couple of new repositories will be added to your GitHub organization.
```

![GitHub repositories](../../img/kubefirst/github/github-repositories.png)

## Repository Summary

`gitops`

The gitops repo houses all of our IAC and all our gitops configurations. All the infrastructure that you receive with kubefirst was produced by some combination of terraform and argocd. You will add to this repository as your business needs require new infrastructure or new applications.

`metaphor suite`

> The Metaphor suite is a se of example applications used to showcase certain features of the kubefirst platform. The Metaphor apps have CI/CD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Metaphor suite is a set of example applications used to showcase certain features of the Kubefirst platform. The Metaphor apps have CI/CD
```

> that deliver each app to a development, staging, and production namespace in your kubernetes cluster. Its secrets in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that deliver each app to a development, staging, and production namespace in your Kubernetes cluster. Its secrets in
```

> vault are bound to the metaphor app through the use of external-secrets, a handy kubernetes utility to keep kubernetes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
vault are bound to the metaphor app through the use of external-secrets, a handy Kubernetes utility to keep Kubernetes
```

> secrets in sync with the vault source of truth. It also demonstrates how DNS entries automatically will be automatically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
secrets in sync with the vault source of truth. It also demonstrates how DNS entries are automatically
```

> created in route53 using external-dns. It has auto-renewing short-lived certificates generated and auto-renewed as well

Reviewer: ```suggestion
created in Route 53 using external-dns. It has auto-renewing, short-lived certificates generated and auto-renewed as well,
```

using cert-manager and the Let's Encrypt cluster-issuer.

> The available Metaphors applications are, **metaphor (NodeJS API)**, **Metaphor (Go API)** and **Metaphor Frontend**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The available Metaphors applications are, **Metaphor (NodeJS API)**, **Metaphor (Go API)** and **Metaphor Frontend**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The available Metaphor applications are, **Metaphor (NodeJS API)**, **Metaphor (Go API)** and **Metaphor Frontend**.
```

The Metaphor applications are describe in more details [here](../../common/metaphors.md).

## GitHub Repository Management

> These GitHub repositories are being managed in terraform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These GitHub repositories are being managed in Terraform.
```

> As you need additional gitlab repositories, just add a new section of terraform code to `terraform/github/kubefirst-repos.tf`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you need additional GitHub repositories, just add a new section of Terraform code to `terraform/github/kubefirst-repos.tf`:
```

```
module "your_repo_name" {
  depends_on = [
    gitlab_group.kubefirst
  ]
  source                                = "./templates/gitlab-repo"
  group_name                            = gitlab_group.kubefirst.id
  repo_name                             = "your-repo-name"
  create_ecr                            = true
  initialize_with_readme                = true
  only_allow_merge_if_pipeline_succeeds = false
  remove_source_branch_after_merge      = true
}
```

> GitHub's terraform provider provides many more configuration than just these settings. Check them out and add to your 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitHub's Terraform provider provides many more configuration than just these settings. Check them out and add to your 
```

default settings once you're comfortable with the platform.

> Take a look at the `Resources` section of the github provider documentation 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Take a look at the `Resources` section of the GitHub provider documentation 
```

[](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/integrations/github/latest/docs).

> That was just github. Take a look at all the terraform providers that are available, the list of technologies you can 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That was just GitHub. Take a look at all the Terraform providers that are available; the list of technologies you can 
```

> manage in terraform is really impressive. [](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/index.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
manage in Terraform is really impressive. [](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/index.html)
```

## Making Terraform Changes

> To make infrastructure and configuration changes with terraform, simply open a merge request in the `gitops` repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make infrastructure and configuration changes with Terraform, simply open a merge request in the `gitops` repository.
```
